Fix issue 49: make categories mandatory (#51)
BIG-MAP/big-map-registry: README.md

        - quantum
    ```

>     **Note**: Only the metadata fields `title` and `description` are mandatory. `categories` should contain at least one item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: Only the metadata fields `title` and `description` are mandatory; the `categories` field must contain at least one item.
```

my-big-map-app:
  metadata:
    $ref: https://github.com/my-org/my-big-map-app/raw/main/metadata.yaml
  categories:
    - technology-aiida
    - technology-ase

>     - quantum

Reviewer: Please add one wp category to the examples so that is clear that those should be applied.

    title: MyBIG-MAP app
    description:
      $ref: https://github.com/my-org/my-big-map-app/raw/main/metadata.yaml#description
  categories:
    - technology-aiida
    - technology-ase
    - quantum
```

*The app store will assume that external references are in JSON format unless the referenced path ends with `.yaml` or `.yml`.*

### Valid keys for app entries in `apps.yaml`

| Key | Requirement | Description                                                                                                                                  |

> |:---:|:---:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: Was this automatically changed or why did you update this?

| `metadata` | **Mandatory** | General description of the app (see below).                                                                                                  |

> | `categories` | **Mandatory** | Must be one of the valid categories specified in [`categories.yaml`](https://github.com/big-map/big-map-registry/blob/main/categories.yaml). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `categories` | **Mandatory** | An array of categories, where each category must be one of the categories specified in [`categories.yaml`](https://github.com/big-map/big-map-registry/blob/main/categories.yaml). |
```
